Refactor code to extend KFP SDK compiler (#16)
kubeflow/kfp-tekton: sdk/README.md

# Compiler for Tekton

There is an [SDK](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/pipelines/sdk/sdk-overview/) 

> for `Kubeflow Pipeline` for end users to define pipelines for AI and ML. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for `Kubeflow Pipeline` for end users to define end to end machine learning and data pipelines
```

The output of the KFP SDK compiler is YAML for [Argo](https://github.com/argoproj/argo).

> Here we update the `Compiler` of the KFP SDK to generate `Tekton` YAML for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow the steps outlined below to update the `Compiler` of the KFP SDK with a patch to generate `Tekton` YAML for 
```
